alright guys welcome to this edition in
the community showcase today we join the
updated primetime players down Young and
titus o'neil they'll create my dev
awesome one and available for download
on Xbox one so check out the link in the
description for screenshots and download
details the following tag team contest
is scheduled for one fall on the way to
the rim and it will look a wide way of
509 pounds titus O'Neil and Darren Young
the prime time player the WWE Universe
letting them hear it
that's how your burden
look at this could it be and there's the
submission did he fight out mobile man
look at his face the pain has to be
crippling there Young's been in heated
battles in tag team and singles
competition I've always found superstars
that came from tag team competition
Oh Oh
that
sorry to put
Oh big news coming